feat(auth): Add information about self-hosted auth tokens (#2731)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/api/auth.mdx

You can [find or create authentication tokens within Sentry](https://sentry.io/api/).

> For on-premise instances, you can find or create authentication tokens within your Sentry instance:
> {on_premise_base_url}/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-hosted, you can find or create authentication tokens by visiting `{instance_url_prefix}/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/`
```
